Remove "What's new in C# 10" (#43694)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/tutorials/patterns-objects.md

Run your tests again, and they pass. Here's the final version of the `SetHighGate` method:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/patterns-objects/CanalLock.cs" ID="FinalImplementation":::

## Implement patterns yourself

> Now that you saw the technique, fill in the `SetLowGate` and `SetWaterLevel` methods yourself. Start by adding the following code to test invalid operations on those methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've seen the technique, fill in the `SetLowGate` and `SetWaterLevel` methods yourself. Start by adding the following code to test invalid operations on those methods:
```
